Add note regarding where to focus effort during review (#190)
BiggerPockets/patterns: _patterns/code-review.md

Having Your Code Reviewed
-------------------------

* Be grateful for the reviewer's suggestions.
* Feel free to disagree with the reviewer. Seek to understand the reviewer's perspective and strive for consensus.

> * Keep your changes as small as possible. Leave tangential changes and refactorings for future commits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Keep your changes as small as possible. Leave tangential changes and refactorings for separate pull requests.
```
